---
layout: invite
title: Invitation Letter
---

<div class="large-center">
    Neuroscience Vienna Network<p>
    Kick-off Meeting<p>
    <p>
    November 19th, 2012, 4.00 pm, IMBA lecture hall<p>
    Dr.-Bohr-Gasse 3, A-1030 Vienna<p>
</div>



26 September 2012

Dear neuroscience researcher in Vienna,

# Invitation

We would like to invite you and your group members to the first
meeting of an initiative to strengthen the interactions between
neurobiology groups in the Vienna area (the Neuroscience Vienna
Network). See the [PDF of the
program](Schedule_Vienna_Neuroscience.pdf). In brief, there will be
four 25 minute talks covering the breadth of Viennese neuroscience,
and every PI will have the chance to introduce him-/herself to the
scientific community by an "elevator pitch" (one minute
presentation). The meeting will take place at the IMBA lecture hall
(on the Vienna Bio Center campus in the 3rd district), on Nov. 19th
from 4pm to 7pm followed by a social get-together including light
refreshments.

# What is the aim of the Neuroscience Vienna Network?

This initiative has been started by Kristin Tessmar-Raible and myself,
two junior group leaders from the MFPL and IMP, respectively. We
believe that the Vienna area harbors an exciting variety of
neuroscience research, but feel that there are still only limited
interactions between the different places. We envisage that a regular
meeting with scientific talks (taking place about every 4-6 months,
organized on a rotational basis) would enhance such interactions and
lead to scientific synergies between the different neuroscience
research groups.

Our idea is that these meetings should not only be attended by PIs,
but especially also from younger researchers at the PhD or
postdoctoral level, and also serve as a forum for these researchers to
present their research.

# Please forward this link, RSVP requested

We would therefore ask you to please forward the link to this page to
the members of your group. Please encourage them to either: a)
directly respond to us in order to collect their e-mail addresses for
the distribution of further information or b) sign up to the
Neuroscience in Vienna Google Group (see below).

You also are encouraged to forward this link to other potentially
interested parties, and note that we are not strict about the
definitions of "Vienna" or "Neuroscience". Please respond to
[andrew.straw@imp.ac.at](mailto:andrew.straw@imp.ac.at) by 5 November
with: 1) if you will be attending and 2) if you are a PI, optionally a
1 page PDF document to be shown during your "elevator pitch".

# Future updates and a website

To keep in touch, please subscribe to our Google Group at
[https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/neuroscience-in-vienna](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/neuroscience-in-vienna). To
keep you up to date about this and future meetings, we will also
subscribe you to this list when RSVP - please indicate if you want to
opt out. You are now reading a small website we set up for future
updates at [http://neuro-vienna.net](http://neuro-vienna.net).

Looking forward to seeing you on November 19,

Andrew Straw and Kristin Tessmar-Raible
